First import cpp20spaceship (#172)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: code/spaceship/README.md

# The art of <=>

Here we explore:
- how <=> are == differing.
- when to use or not to use the compiler default implementations.

## Prerequisites

> * Being able to redefine an operator, especially `==` and `<=>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Being able to overload an operator, especially `==` and `<=>`.
```

## Instructions

> 0. Compile and run the program. We are not fully happy with the default implementation of `<=>`for our `Complex` class, which consider 1|2 has smaller than 1.5|1.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Compile and run the program. We are not fully happy with the default implementation of `<=>` for our `Complex` class, which considers 1|2 as smaller than 1.5|1.5.
```
